ASA -  PolicySync Cleanup (#3885)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/asa/teams/index.md

### Update a Server

<ApiOperation method="PUT" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/servers/${server_id}" />

> Updates a Server. This endpoint is intended for use with the PolicySync feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates a Server. This endpoint is used for the PolicySync feature.
```
Do you want to use the `<ApiLifecycle access="ea" />` if this feature is EA?

Author: It actually left EA already.
